now senator I have to ask you this
evening we have a comedian on the show
right now his name's Jim Gaffigan he's
going to be appearing at the Vic and he
wanted to ask you something on the air
all right it's Jim Gaffigan your biggest
fan
also your speechwriter thank you yeah
yeah I did it
there's the the whole blue and red state
they thought that was my bit I don't
know if your speech rotor stole that
from me or what but that's another
matter Brock I have a very special
special request I'm doing a special for
Comedy Central an hour special and I
chose to come back to Chicago to do this
special when they wanted me to do it in
fancy land LA or New York and I was
hoping that you my favorite senator no
pressure if you would introduce me
tonight or tomorrow night on stage and
then we could maybe if you would be okay
with that we would you would be the
introduction of my to my special I'm a
clean family-friendly comic you know
it's not it's not like you're gonna be
introducing somebody who's gonna you
know it'll be a massage I thought I was
the only guy that begged people it's
nice to see Jim Gaffigan like this let
me say this Jim I've got to say that I'd
had to hear your material first that's
an understanding cut because I don't
know whether it's clean but I'm not sure
it's funny Barack is that kind of
hostility that's alienating in the
middle and let me tell you something you
have to keep the middle okay uh-huh
Brock if you'd like to go to my website
Jim Gaffigan com
you will see the the enormity of my
talent well we do the Senators oh well
I'll have my staff watch it you can have
your sword for whether you were funny or
duck I expect to see you tomorrow
senator at 7:30 it'll be the best career
move you've ever made since your
impressive performance I thought your
Meet the Press was the thing that was
more impressive than even your speech
and I don't you say that to kiss your
butt well I mean it is actually I'm
going to actually think about doing the
president I was also born in Hawaii did
I mention
really no anyway Brock I just wanted to
throw that out there and if you feel
inspired it just would be so fun I
noticed that you two are suddenly on a
first-name basis yeah I call them or I
call them the bum senator great to talk
to you again thanks for coming on and
maybe we'll see you tomorrow night at
the Vic if not we'll talk to you soon
absolutely and go fuck Senator Barack
Obama everybody there you go all right
there's definitely some groveling but it
was worth it Jim I thought I was round
like that since I asked my wife to marry
me Jim thanks for coming by thanks for
having me yeah fish everybody